in a laundromat before
it's actually been country
I've been for like ironic photo shoots
of like look hey we're in a laundromat
taking pictures
isn't this fun and I walked in and I was
like hi do you guys have change I don't
have any quarters I don't know how to do
this honestly something as simple as
laundry seemed terrifying to me for the
past week um and I just that's why we
put enough laundry for so long I guess
the moral of the story is everyone has
to start somewhere if it's something as
silly as doing laundry or if it's going
after that big opportunity that you've
always wanted to go for in life everyone
has to start somewhere don't be
embarrassed and go for it I don't know
why doing laundry has gotten me in such
an inspiring mood so very very exciting
stuff has been happening this weekend
building IKEA furniture has been the
main event so I want to show you the
situation that my apartment is currently
and it's still a total mess a total mess
but it's getting it's getting together
so the best part of you is this air
mattress it's going to be deflated
because now I have a bed yes yes yes yes
yes I have a white coffee table now
there are things on my bookshelves I
built an Ikea standing desk this is the
smaller version here is my longer IKEA
standing desk this is gonna be my main
desk I'm kind of my desktop computer set
up bought these awesome shells from
Container Store check this out guys they
like swing out and they're magnetic
here's the stuff that I still need to go
through and put into shelves and whatnot
another shelf that's just chaos right
now and my sloth chair another very
exciting thing is I have a closet now
here's all my hats pillow well we're
making moves people we're making moves
I'm almost officially a New Yorker I
feel like we're almost there here's the
thing I've been missing
way too many New York City sunsets and I
got my booster board back on the header'
replaced both motors which is pretty
crazy so hopefully it works better don't
want to die out there but yeah I want to
go watch the sunset somewhere so boosted
board Adventure
why is it so freakin
on the way home I just like put down the
phone put down the camera
level four on the booster part and I
just cruised and it was so much fun you
know and you're like moving moving
moving and then you sit down you realize
how hot you're I'm so hot
well it was good to get out of my
apartment
even if those for like an hour because
I've I've been cooped up in here for a
while
and as you can see today there's still a
lot of ground to still cover until next
time I hope you guys have a great
fabulous Monday start of the week go
kill it
stay peachy okay my this is so
embarrassing but I came here for a
picture
my picture
yes this is the jury this is a joke